update tiup doc (#15374)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md

>
> + Try to avoid creating a new clustered index table when you apply rolling updates to the clusters using TiDB Binlog.

> #### Specify Component Version during Upgrade

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Specify the component version during upgrade
```

> Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can specify certain components to a specific version during the cluster upgrade. The specified components will use the specified versions and their version numbers will remain unchanged in the next upgrade unless you specify a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can modify the [`component_versions`](/tiup/tiup-cluster-topology-reference.md#component_versions) configuration to specify the version of certain components in the TiDB cluster topology configuration file when upgrading a cluster. The specified components will use the specified versions and their version numbers will remain unchanged in the next upgrade unless you specify a new version.

> **Note: **
>
> For TiDB, TiKV, PD, TiCDC, and other components that share their own version numbers, there are no complete tests to ensure that they work properly in a mixed-version scenario. Ensure that you use this section only for testing scenarios, or with the help of [technical support](/support.md).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> **Note: **
>
> For TiDB, TiKV, PD, TiCDC, and other components that share their own version numbers, there are no complete tests to ensure that they work properly in a mixed-version scenario. Ensure that you use this section only for testing scenarios, or with the help of [technical support](/support.md).

```

> Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can specify certain components to a specific version during the cluster upgrade. The specified components will be fixed to the specified version and their version numbers will remain unchanged in the next upgrade unless you specify a new version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can specify certain components to a specific version during the cluster upgrade. The specified components will use the specified versions and their version numbers will remain unchanged in the next upgrade unless you specify a new version.
```

>
> + Try to avoid creating a new clustered index table when you apply rolling updates to the clusters using TiDB Binlog.

#### Specify Component Version during Upgrade

Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can specify certain components to a specific version during the cluster upgrade. The specified components will be fixed to the specified version and their version numbers will remain unchanged in the next upgrade unless you specify a new version.

> 
> {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```shell
tiup cluster upgrade -h | grep "version string"
      --alertmanager-version string        Fix the version of alertmanager and no longer follows the cluster version.
      --blackbox-exporter-version string   Fix the version of blackbox-exporter and no longer follows the cluster version.
      --cdc-version string                 Fix the version of cdc and no longer follows the cluster version.
      --ignore-version-check               Ignore checking if target version is bigger than current version
      --node-exporter-version string       Fix the version of node-exporter and no longer follows the cluster version.

>       --pd-version string                  Fix the version of pv and no longer follows the cluster version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      --pd-version string                  Fix the version of pd and no longer follows the cluster version.
```

>
> + Try to avoid creating a new clustered index table when you apply rolling updates to the clusters using TiDB Binlog.

#### Specify the component version during upgrade

> Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can specify certain components to a specific version during the cluster upgrade. The specified components will use the specified versions and their version numbers will remain unchanged in the next upgrade unless you specify a new version.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Starting from tiup-cluster v1.14.0, you can specify certain components to a specific version during cluster upgrade. These components will remain at their fixed version in the subsequent upgrade unless you specify a different version.
```
